file name = ./sample/1234/CV.pdf|Year|Degree/Examination|Institution/Board|CGPA/Percentage|
|2021|B. Tech, ECE|Anil Neerukonda Institute of Technology and Science, Visakhapatnam|7.34|
|2017|Class XII|Sri Viswasanthi Inter College, Vijayawada|96.8%|
|2015|Class X|Chalapathi High School, Visakhapatnam|9.0| 
 
Internship Experience  
Successfully completed the “AI For Everyone” course, authorized by DeepLearning.AI and 
delivered online through Coursera, focusing on foundational artificial intelligence concepts 
and real-world applications.  
 
  Mastered SQL through a dedicated course at DataPro Software Training Institute, gaining 
proficiency in database management and advanced querying techniques. 
  Engaged in an enriching online course on “Basic Principles of Remote Sensing Technology” 
hosted by the Indian Institute of Remote Sensing (IIRS), enhancing my understanding of 
satellite imaging and data analysis techniques. 

  Professional Development: 
.NET Full Stack Development – Coding hub 
2021-2022 
Graduated from a comprehensive Full-Stack .Net Development program at Coding Hub, 
where I acquired hands-on experience in building robust web applications using .Net 
technologies. Continuously enhancing my skills in full-stack development with a focus on 
.Net technologies to adapt and meet the demands of evolving web technologies. 
 
Professional Experience  
HOMI BHABHA CANCER HOSPITAL, TATA MEMORIAL CENTER – IT PROGRAMMER 
October 2021 – present  
  Develop and maintain web applications critical to hospital operations, using C#, VB.NET, and 
classic ASP.NET within the .NET Framework. 
Lead the maintenance and enhancement of the Palliative Care application, implementing key 
modifications to improve functionality and user experience. 
Spearheaded the development of a new Blood Bank application, focusing on donor 
registration and comprehensive tracking of the patient and donor statistics throughout the 
donation process. 
 
 
  Troubleshoot and resolve bugs, ensuring high availability and optimal performance of 
applications. 
  Work collaboratively in a team to manage, optimize, and enhance database operations and 
data storage solutions. 
  Contribute to front-end development using HTML, CSS, Bootstrap and JavaScript, enhancing 
using experience and interface design. 
Key Achievements  
Successfully maintained and improved the performance and reliability of key web 
applications used across the hospital. 
Learned and applied the new technologies rapidly and demonstrating flexibility and 
adaptability in a dynamic work environment. 
 
 
Technical Skills  
Languages: C#, VB.NET, JavaScript, HTML, CSS 
Frameworks/Tools: .NET, ASP.NET, ASP.NET Core 5.0, Bootstrap 
 
 
  Databases: SQL Server (basic knowledge of creating and manging databases) 
 
Software: Visual Studio, Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio 
Additional Skills  
  Problem solving and critical thinking 
  Effective team collaboration and communication 
  Quick learner with a keen interest in technology updates 

