file name = ./sample/10325808/Statement of Purpose for Abdul Wahid Khan Ulster University.pdfStatement of Purpose 
MSc International Business 
My name is Abdul Wahid khan, and my date of birth is 5 June 1996. I was born in Azad 
Kashmir  Pakistan  .  I  belong  to  a  very  educated  family  a  Rajpoot  family  .  I  have 
completed my twelve class graduation from  Squadron leader Masood ul haq shaheed 
college Bagh with 56% score( 2015) .After that i have completed my bachelor's degree 
in  Agriculture  food  science  and  technology  with  CGPA  3.41  out  4  from  PMAS  Arid 
Agriculture University Rawalpindi Pakistan ( 2015- 2019 ). 
Consequently I have done my operational manager job at chacha chaska restaurant 
Rawalpindi from 2019 to 2022. I have also  done my 6 months food processing and 
preservation course during studies. I had applied for MSc International Business for 
the Ulster University. 
Reasons for Choosing this Course: 
MSc International Business will give me a solid grounding in the fundamentals ofMSc International Business will give me a solid grounding in the fundamentals ofMSc International Business will give me a solid grounding in the fundamentals of 
business management, with a focus on the international dimensions of businessbusiness management, with a focus on the international dimensions of businessbusiness management, with a focus on the international dimensions of business 
Themes of global citizenship and cross-cultural communication run throughout,Themes of global citizenship and cross-cultural communication run throughout, 
preparing me for work in diverse environments. I will learn the ways people dopreparing me for work in diverse environments. I will learn the ways people do 
business across the world, and the challenges and issues they face.business across the world, and the challenges and issues they face. 
The practical nature of the course ensures me progress with real-world skills andThe practical nature of the course ensures me progress with real-world skills and 
experience to succeed in my international career. I will be part of an activeexperience to succeed in my international career. I will be part of an active 
community of students in a city recognised as an international business hub.community of students in a city recognised as an international business hub. 
Birmingham city is home to many placement and graduate employers, which givesBirmingham city is home to many placement and graduate employers, which gives 
me a wealth of case studies and guest speakers. Career options are broad andme a wealth of case studies and guest speakers. Career options are broad and 
exciting with opportunities to work worldwide. This degree gives me a solid platformexciting with opportunities to work worldwide. This degree gives me a solid platform 
for a career in business management, but I will graduate with a skillset relevant tofor a career in business management, but I will graduate with a skillset relevant to 
any business career. I might go on to work for multinational enterprises,any business career. I might go on to work for multinational enterprises, 

governmental organisations or start my own born global company which help me togovernmental organisations or start my own born global company which help me to 
work in the business of the construction.work in the business of the construction.  
 
Why Ulster University?? 
Ulster University is a university where curiosity prevails, and were exploring new 
ways of thinking and pushing boundaries, isn’t just encouraged, it’s expected. They 
are determined to do things differently and put student success at the centre of 
everything we do. University was committed to two things: excellence in teaching 
and excellence in research. Ulster University put student success at the heart of our 
mission, supporting every student from every background to achieve outstanding 
outcomes; preparing our students to thrive in their future lives. Studying with Ulster 
University at this level will put me in a better position to protect the job and advance 
to business management roles. Ulster University will support me to build my skills to 
work as a competent project manager, as I learn to use the latest strategies and 
programs to market my needs and business opportunities Ulster University cover all 
the relevant methods and frameworks, evaluate the value of data metrics in project 
analysis and planning and encourage me to use business management values and 
models in my work. I will work with leading researchers and as the study progresses, 
I will be equipped to advise on business management strategy, as I build my research 
communication skills and develop the necessary skills and knowledge to become a 
project team member, manager, or project leader. 
Reasons for Opting for UK: 
Globally a UK qualification is recognized and respected. One of the top destinations 
the UK has grown to become excellent place for study around the world. With 
traditions of excellence dating back hundreds of years, high-class institutions at every 
corner, and much more flexibility than many other countries students coming to 
study scientific ,technical, business and management subjects in the UK will benefit 

from learning alongside some of the world’s top intellectual achievers. The UK 
learning experience allows students independent thought, encourages proactive 
problem- solving skills, enables development of intellectual skills and empowers 
creative and effective thinking. These skills are recognized by employers as the 
qualities needed to meet the requirements of the global economy and to succeed in 
a competitive job market. The diverse range of courses is also matched by the wide 
range of institutions that give students a varied choice to find the most suitable study 
environment for them.UK education system has a strong international reputation 
and is known for its effective structure, innovative policy developments and 
independent thinking throughout its universities. UK is a safe, friendly, sophisticated 
and yet harmonious society in which we can learn and travel. UK is currently the 
most popular destination for international students among the English-speaking 
Countries. Many international students choose to study UK because of its friendly, 
laid-back nature, excellent education system, cultural diversity and high standard of 
living. Students can be a part of multicultural environment and cultural activities. As 
an international student in UK, I can expect to live, grow and learn in a well-
developed, friendly country with full of opportunities 
 

